[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
intending to destroy
a Devil Fruit Factory
in Dressrosa.
However, plans changed
when Law was captured
by Doflamingo.
Luffy has now snuck
into the Royal Palace
to rescue his apprehended ally.
[TREBOL]
S-S-Sugar passed out!
[TREBOL] The slaves we've been
collecting for a whole ten years
are all turning back to normal!
The Hobby-Hobby Fruit
powers are wearing off!
[LEO]
Operation SOP is a success!
Who's that cape guy?
Kyros, it's you!
Huh?
Originally, the toys
were human like us.
When they changed,
they were erased
from our memories.
The girl who did this, Sugar,
passed out just now.
So our memories all
came flooding back!
He's the former captain
of King Riku's Army.
Kyros!
It's you!
Kyros, my boy!
Sir!
I'm sorry to keep you waiting
these ten long years,
King Riku.
But now, I'm here to save you!
[KYROS yells]
We shall reclaim this kingdom!
At long last!
[LUFFY]
"The Fire Fist Strikes!
The Flame-Flame
Fruit Power Returns!"
Ten years!
For ten long years,
we've suffered!
[DOLDO]
Hmm.
[BABY 5 yells]
Doflamingo!
Young Master! You bastard!
Today!
The people will see you
for what you are!
Mingo just died!
Well, that sucks!
I was gonna be the one
to kick his ass!
--[PIRATE D] There they are!
--[PIRATE E] I see 'em!
--[PIRATE F] Get them!
--[VIOLET] They found us!
[PIRATE F]
Shoot!
[VIOLET gasps]
We gotta go save Traffy!
[BOTH gasp]
I can't believe it!
How can this be?
If I'm not mistaken,
all the toys here
in the coliseum have suddenly
turned into humans!
I don't even know
how to explain this!
It's inconceivable!
[GORILLA grunting]
Where the hell'd this
gorilla come from?!
Run!
[DIAMANTE]
I can't believe this.
Trebol left Sugar unguarded.
That moron!
Ain't that something else, huh?
Hey. I'm not your babysitter.
Stop your bawling.
[REBECCA]
It's not like that!
It all came back to me.
Mother! Look at all
the flowers I found!
[SCARLET]
There's so many of them!
I picked this one just for you!
It's beautiful!
Thank you, Rebecca!
And this is from
your mother to you!
[REBECCA laughs]
Would you like to have one?
[REBECCA crying]
I say we dig in!
That sounds like a great idea.
[REBECCA, KYROS laugh]
[REBECCA crying]
[REBECCA] How could I forget
someone I loved so much?
[KYROS]
I'm going to the palace.
Scarlet. Rebecca.
I need you to stay safe.
Okay, Daddy.
[KYROS] If it gets too
dangerous here, leave.
Wait for me in the
Red Flower Field.
I swear I'll come back safe.
[REBECCA]
Daddy!
[REBECCA crying]
It's been so long.
I had... I had a father!
Huh?
What are you blathering about?
[SABO]
Now that the smoke is clear,
it's time we uncover the truth,
right, Rebecca?
[SABO] There's a core
at the heart of all things.
And once you find that...
Anything, great or small,
can be undone.
[BARTOLOMEO]
You lost me.
You sound cool as hell
and I still look up
to you, of course!
But, uh, you lost me!
[SABO] Even the ring we
stand in now has a core.
Think it's about time
we wrap this up.
[DIAMANTE gasps]
[BURGESS]
What the--?
[GYATS]
Huh?!
The ring is splitting apart!
What did Lucy do?
[SABO]
Dragon Claw Fist...
Dragon... Breath!
[CROWD gasps]
[GYATS]
Unbelievable!
That was a single
blow from Lucy!
The ring's going under!
[GROUP yelling]
The whole ring has exploded!
[GORILLA, MAN yell]
Just great!
[DIAMANTE]
What the hell did you do?
Got places to be! Need to win.
[CROWD yelling]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
Cu-lick.
[HACK] What's all that
commotion up there?
Hey, Hack.
[HACK] Did he do something
reckless again?
[KOALA laughs]
He's heading underground now.
[GYATS] The ring has
completely capsized.
But somehow, the water
level is plunging with it?
We can no longer
guarantee the safety
of our guests!
Everyone! Please evacuate
the coliseum at once!
It's pulling us to the center.
Oh, no!
How is this happening?
Could all the water
be draining out?
There must be cracks
in the foundation!
[BOTH yell]
Let go! Let go! Let go!
Don't choke me!
Too easy! Heh!
It just takes grit!
[laughing]
The treasure! There she is!
[DIAMANTE]
That rat bastard!
Nice try!
I'm slipping!
My strength...
Hey, wait! We weren't
actually planning on giving
that prize away!
You're all out of bounds!
That makes me the victor!
[GYATS gasps]
Whoever nabs this
thing wins, right?
Ah! He's got it!
Thanks for the prize.
[GYATS]
We have a winner!
I know it seems trivial
at the moment.
But in the thick of the chaos,
our top dog has finally emerged!
The dark horse
in the competition
has climbed to the top.
It's Lucy!
He is our champion!
[SABO]
Gross!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
[BARTOLOMEO]
I can't hold out... much longer.
[REBECCA yells]
Sir? You think maybe you
can help me out too?
You're a pirate.
Pull yourself up by
your own bootstraps.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Predictable, but so cool.
[SABO]
Brace yourself.
I'm about to light things up.
Cheater! That fruit was
supposed to be mine!
[DIAMANTE] Isn't he from
the Revolutionary Army?
[SABO]
Ow, that's hot!
It's really working!
Oh! I guess that's my cue!
[SABO] Wait, it's not
that hot, actually!
It's like I've become the fire!
Ace!
I take your ability!
[SABO]
Ace!
I take your ability!
No way!
[SABO]
Fire Fist!
[CROWD yells]
Damn you, Straw Hats!
Who do you think you are, huh?
That was cruel!
What kind of monster
would knock Sugar out?
Tontattas!
How dare you put them
up to this and free
our servants!
I won't let any of you leave
here alive, do you hear me?
Usoland!
Are you doing okay?
Guys! Take Usopp and run!
Sure, Robiland!
Let's go, then!
Don't let him lay a goopy
finger on Usoland!
[DWARVES yelling]
Let me take a wild guess.
You wanna trash the factory?
Sound about right, Nico Robin?
Sticky-Sticky Chain!
[HAJRUDIN]
Hold it!
[ROBIN]
A Giant?
[DWARVES yelling]
You're "Little People," huh?
Mind if I borrow this
guy for a second?
[LEO]
Usoland!
He must have fought
real hard to save us
if he's in this condition.
Everyone, look!
I heard that some of you,
for a decade,
have been living as slaves.
It must have been hard.
You have... suffered enough...
If it weren't for you,
we would have lived out
the rest of our days
as toys.
Enslaved in this
hellish nightmare.
But you allowed us
to reclaim our identities.
Gaze your eyes
upon this man.
Remember this face well.
As the hero who
shattered our curse!
I... I...
I am move-- so much...
His name.
Captain Usopp!
[TOYS cheer]
[cheering continues]
We thank you!
[cheering]
Our hero!
What fell?
Did the ceiling topple?
He looks Godly!
That aura! My God!
Don't tell me!
We've been saved
by a real deity!
Then that means we're...
witnessing a miracle!
So saintly!
So holy!
Hey look! Everyone!
I think God Usopp is trying
to say something!
You people will...
be guided... by m-me.
Huh? Wait!
What did he just tell us?
Y-You people...
...will be...
...guided by me.
[TOY MAN J] "You people
will be guided by me"?
[TOY MAN K]
You people will be guided by me?
[TOY MAN L]
So, you really are...
...sent down from Heaven!
We humbly bow down
to you, great savior!
[TOYS]
Yeah!
Usopp the God! Usopp the God!
[chanting continues]
Usoland! Usoland!
We will follow
your command, God Usopp!
Anything!
Just tell us what to do!
[TOY MAN P]
That's right!
[TOY MAN Q]
You've sacrificed enough!
Now allow us to repay you!
[TOY MAN R] We wanna be
your hands, "Great One"!
How can we atone?
[TOY MAN S]
Please, guide us!
Show us the way,
Mighty God Usopp!
What must we do?
Well, uh, in that case...
Why don't you all destroy
the factory behind me
and rescue our little friends?
[ABDULLAH laughs]
Gladly, "Great One"!
[TOYS cheer]
Usopp...
Usoland, go! Usoland, go!
[chanting continues]
The hell is wrong
with these people?
[NARRATOR]
The Fire Fist finally returns!
The mysterious competitor
"Lucy" claims victory
in the coliseum and
acquires the late Ace's
Flame-Flame fruit.
As he reveals his true identity,
a fresh chapter
begins in the tale of
the "Three Brothers."
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Dashing onto the Scene!
The Chief of Staff of the
Revolutionary Army, Sabo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!